1. Some pro's of the agile method that it is a iterative approach allowing for a streamlined way to do work.
It works to break the project down into multiple different parts and allows for constant interaction and collaboration with the customer. The cons of the agile method is that with agile it doesn't 
always break down the project into smaller sprints where smaller parts can be worked on continously. This can mean that the timeline is harder to know since the scope of the project can be really big and doing big parts of it at once can be problematic.

2. The scrum master is in charge of all the coding and work done by people on the project. They assign and deal out work in the sprints,
and they are responsible for keeping their team on track with deliverables. The product owner on the other hand with set a direction for the team to go in and basically works with releases to the stakeholders and management.
The big difference is that product owner works a lot with stakeholders, while scrum master works with sprints and meetings and JIRA work.

3. The three types of meetings in a sprint schedule are, sprint planning meetings, daily scrum/standup meetings, and sprint retrospective meetings. In the sprint planning meeting this 
will determine what needs to be completed by the end of the coming sprint, this meeting also determines the story points of tasks and assigns stories to the team. In the daily scrum/standup meeting it is a meeting everyday to discuss what team work is completed. The daily meeting can also be used to discuss any blockers on work as well
as each members plan for the day. In the sprint retrospective meeting this will happen at the end of the sprint and will discuss the work that was completed and move any incomplete work back into the backlog. The retrospective meeting
will also close out the sprint and any final concerns.

4. An Epic in JIRA normally captures a big part of a project and is something that will be broken down into a bunch of smaller stories. A story is a software system need that must be completed and is usually
shown in a short and concise way. A bug is normally the smallest piece of work but can be a problem with some code that needs to be fixed not necesarily new code just a look into written code. An issue in JIRA is basically any amount of work that can be tracked in the workflow.
